{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Administrative_information;Date_time_related_info", "variables": ["When did you fill out this questionnaire?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Administrative_information;Other_admin_info", "variables": ["Please provide any comments that you would like about this survey and/or related topics.", "Symptoms: Loss of taste or smell", "consent"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Administrative_information;Questionnaire_interview_related_info", "variables": ["Have you reported observations you made today or a few days ago while answering the questions?", "Is there something else you would like to tell us?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Cognitive_psychological_measures;Other_psycholog_measures", "variables": ["Has the financial situation of your household changed since the beginning of the corona pandemic?", "How would you rate the impact of the corona pandemic on you and your life as a whole?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how much has cancellation of important events (such as graduation, prom, vacation, etc.) in your life been difficult for you?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: to what degree have changes related to the Coronavirus/COVID-19 crisis in your area created financial problems for you or your family?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: to what degree are you concerned about the stability of your living situation?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: did you worry whether your food would run out because of a lack of money?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how hopeful are you that the Coronavirus/COVID-19 crisis in your area will end soon?", "Please describe anything else that concerns you about the impact of Coronavirus/COVID-19 on you, your friends, or your family.", "How are you coping with the current corona pandemic?", "What has changed for you compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I'm bored.", "What has changed for you compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I am irritable.", "What has changed for you compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I am angry / aggressive.", "What has changed for you compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I have an appetite.", "What has changed for you compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I feel like having sex.", "Is the aggression / anger you feel against yourself or against others?", "Compared to the time before the corona pandemic, I have ...", "What are you currently thinking about the most?", "What helps you to cope with the current situation?", "What do you need to cope well with the current situation?", "In your opinion, what are the opportunities arising from the corona pandemic?", "Which obstacles/problems do you have to face during the Corona pandemic?", "What is it that helps you the most during the Corona pandemic?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Cognitive_psychological_measures;Personality", "variables": ["Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I like to take responsibility.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. It has proven to be good for me to make decisions on my own rather than relying on fate", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. When there are problems and resistance, I usually find ways and means to assert myself.", "Success is often less dependent on performance and more on luck.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I often have the feeling that I have little influence what happens to me.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. When making important decisions, I often orient myself to the behavior of others", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am more cautious, reserved.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I easily trust others, believe in the good in people.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am comfortable, prone to laziness.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am relaxed and do not let stress disturb me.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I have little artistic interest", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am sociable.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I tend to criticize others", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I do tasks thoroughly.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I get nervous and insecure easily.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I have an active imagination, I am imaginative.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I like to take responsibility.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. It has proven to be good for me to make decisions on my own rather than relying on fate", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. When there are problems and resistance, I usually find ways and means to assert myself.", "Success is often less dependent on performance and more on luck.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I often have the feeling that I have little influence what happens to me.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. When making important decisions, I often orient myself to the behavior of others", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am more cautious, reserved.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I easily trust others, believe in the good in people.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am comfortable, prone to laziness.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am relaxed and do not let stress disturb me.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I have little artistic interest", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I am sociable.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I tend to criticize others", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I do tasks thoroughly.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I get nervous and insecure easily.", "To what extent do the following statements apply to you? I have an active imagination, I am imaginative.", "Do you feel that you are in an unfamiliar situation and do not know what to do?", "When you think about life, it is very often that ...", "The things you do every day are for you ...", "How often are your thoughts or feelings all mixed up?", "When you do something that makes you feel good ...", "For the future, you expect your own life ...", "Many people - even those with strong characters - feel like sad losers in certain situations. How many times have you felt this way in the past?", "When you think of difficulties that you are likely to encounter in important things in life, you feel that ..", "How often do they feel that the things you do in daily life have little meaning?", "The following question is about optimism. Optimists are people that look into the future with confidence and expect good things to happen. Please assess yourself. In general, how optimistic are you?", "I can rely on my own abilities in difficult situations.", "I am able to solve most problems on my own.", "I can usually solve even challenging and complex tasks well.", "I tend to bounce back quickly after hard times.", "I have a hard time making it through stressful events.", "It does not take me long to recover from a stressful event.", "It is hard for me to snap back when something bad happens.", "I usually come through difficult times with little trouble.", "I tend to take a long time to get over set-backs in my life.", "I see myself as someone who...is relaxed, handles stress well", "I see myself as someone who...gets nervous easily", "...getting emotional support from others.", "...saying things to let my unpleasant feelings escape.", "...getting help and advice from other people.", "...trying to come up with a strategy about what to do.", "...getting comfort and understanding from someone.", "...making jokes about it.", "...expressing my negative feelings.", "...trying to get advice or help from other people about what to do", "...thinking hard about what steps to take.", "...making fun of the situation.", "I think that I have to accept that this has happened", "I think of nicer things than what I have experienced", "I think that I can become a stronger person as a result of what has happened", "I think that I have to accept the situation", "I think about how I can best cope with the situation", "I think that the situation also has its positive sides", "I think that it hasn\u2019t been too bad compared to other things", "I think of something nice instead of what has happened", "I think about a plan of what I can do best", "I tell myself that there are worse things in life", "I try to look at the situation from an objective perspective.", "I try to distance myself from the situation and my feelings."]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Cognitive_psychological_measures;Psychological_emotional_distress", "variables": ["In the course of the last 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following complaints ?: Little interest or pleasure in your activities", "In the course of the last 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms: feeling depressed, sad or hopeless", "How often have you felt affected by the following symptoms in the course of the last 2 weeks ?: Difficulty falling or staying asleep, or increased sleep", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms ?: Tiredness or feeling of lack of energy", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms: decreased appetite or an excessive need to eat", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following ailments: bad opinion about yourself; Feeling like a failure or having let the family down", "In the last 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms ?: Difficulty concentrating on something, e.g. while reading the newspaper or watching TV", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms ?: Were you slowing down your movements or speaking so much that others would notice? Or, on the contrary, were you \"fidgety\" or restless and thus had a stronger urge to move than usual?", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms ?: Thoughts that you would rather be dead or feel sorry for yourself", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: The feeling that you lacked the company of others before the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: The feeling that you lack the company of others in lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: The feeling that you lack the company of others after the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: The feeling of feeling alone before the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: The feeling of feeling alone in lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: The feeling of feeling alone after the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Fears about the future of the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Fears of the future in lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Fears about the future after the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: Worries about your health before the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: Worries about your health in lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: Worries about your health after the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: Stress at work or at school before the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Stress at work or at school in lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Stress at work or at school after the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: Problems or arguments in your private life before the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: Problems or arguments in your private life during lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restriction (March to May 2020) ?: Problems or arguments in your private life after the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Domestic violence before the lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Domestic violence in lockdown", "How much did you suffer or suffer from the following complaints before, during and after the lockdown / period of contact restrictions (March to May 2020) ?: Domestic violence after the lockdown", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how worried have you been about being infected?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how worried have you been about friends or family being infected?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how worried have you been about your Physical health being influcenced by Coronavirus/COVID-19?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how worried have you been about your Mental/Emotional health being in\ufb02uenced by Coronavirus/COVID-19?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how worried were you generally?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how happy versus sad were you?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how relaxed versus anxious were you?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how fidgety or restless were you?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how fatigued or tired were you?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how well were you able to concentrate or focus?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how irritable or easily angered were you?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how lonely were you?", "Please enter the number (0-10) on the slider that best describes how stressed you have felt in the past week including today.", "Please enter the number (0-10) on the slider that best describes how stressed you felt before the outbreak of COVID-19 (Corona virus).", "Please enter the number (0-10) on the slider that best describes how stressed you have felt in the past week including today.", "Please enter the number (0-10) on the slider that best describes how stressed you felt before the outbreak of COVID-19 (Corona virus).", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Worries about your health", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Your weight or your appearance", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Little or no sexual desire or pleasure in Sexual intercourse", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Difficulties with the Spouse, partner, Girlfriend, boyfriend", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Load from the supply from children, parents or other family members", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Stress at work or in the school", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Financial problems or worries", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? To have no one with that one can discuss problems", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Something bad before recently happened", "Over the past 4 weeks, how much have you felt affected by the following issues? Thoughts of terrible past events or dreams above - e.g. the destruction of the own home, a difficult one accident, a holdup, physical violence or a sexual one action under duress.", "What are you currently most concerned about? Income / money / finances", "What are you currently most concerned about? health", "What are you currently most concerned about? Gainful employment (loss, overload)", "What are you currently most concerned about? Health of dependents", "What are you currently most concerned about? Social changes", "What are you currently most concerned about? Family disputes / conflicts", "What are you currently most concerned about? Economic consequences of the corona crisis", "What are you currently most concerned about? Political consequences of the corona crisis", "What are you currently most concerned about? Climate change", "What are you currently most concerned about? Health care stability", "What are you currently most concerned about? Well-being of one's own children", "What are you currently most concerned about? Supply of groceries and everyday goods", "What are you currently most concerned about? Imminent termination by the landlord", "What are you currently most concerned about? Impending loss of social position", "What are you currently most concerned about? Fear of loneliness", "Please consider your experience during the novel   coronavirus pandemic:  I have a hard time making it through stressful events", "Please consider your experience during the novel   coronavirus pandemic:  It does not take me long to recover from a stressful event", "Please consider your experience during the novel   coronavirus pandemic:  It is hard for me to snap back when something bad happens", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  losing someone I love", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  health system being overloaded", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  my own mental health", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  my own physical health", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  my loved ones\u2019 health", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  restricted liberty of movement", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  loosing vacation opportunities", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  small companies running out of business", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  economic recession in my country", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  restricted access to food supplies", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  becoming unemployed", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  not being able to pay my bills", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  not be able to visit people who depend on me", "Crises often involve fears and worries. Please let us know:  At the moment, how much do you worry about:  having to defend a decision not to participate in a social event which my family or friends expect me to attend", "Have you lost much sleep over worry?", "Have you felt constantly under strain?", "Have you been able to concentrate on whatever you are doing?", "Have you felt you were playing a useful part in things?", "Have you been able to face up to your problems?", "Have you felt capable of making decisions about things?", "Have you felt that you could not overcome your difficulties?", "Have you been feeling reasonably happy, all things considered?", "Have you been able to enjoy your day-to-day activies?", "Have you been feeling unhappy and depressed?", "Have you been losing confidence in yourself?", "Have you been thinking of yourself as a worthless person?", "Have you been feeling suspicious?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Blood_immune_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Immune disorder"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Circulatory_sys_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Heart problems", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?Pulmonary hypertension", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? High blood pressure", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? History of myocardial infarction", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? Cardiac arrhythmia", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? Heart failure", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? Peripheral arterial occlusive disease", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? History of heart revascularization", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? Coronary arteriosclerosis", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a cardiovascular disease? Carotid artery stenosis", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Heart", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Heart valve", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Blood vessel", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? History of cerebrovascular accident with residual deficit", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? History of cerebrovascular accident without residual deficits", "Complications in the context of COVID-19: Pulmonary embolism", "Complications in the context of COVID-19: Stroke", "Complications in the context of COVID-19: Myocardial infarction", "Complications in the context of COVID-19: Other"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Cong_malform_chrom_abnor", "variables": ["Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one rheumatological/immunological disease? Congenital immunodeficiency disease"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Digestive_sys_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Serious stomach or bowel problems", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic liver disease? Steatosis of liver", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic liver disease? Cirrhosis of liver", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic liver disease? Autoimmune liver disease", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one rheumatological/immunological disease? Inflammatory bowel disease", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Liver", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Intestine", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Gastrointestinal ulcer", "Symptoms: Vomiting"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Ear_mastoid_dis", "variables": ["Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Ossicle"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Endocrine_metabolic_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Diabetes or high blood sugar", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?Extreme obesity with alveolar hypoventilation", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?Cystic fibrosis", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from diabetes?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Eye_adnexa_dis", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Eye infection", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Cornea"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Genitourinary_sys_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Kidney problems", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Kidneys", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic kidney disease? ", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic kidney disease? ( Severity)"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Infectious_dis", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you been suspected of having Coronavirus/COVID-19 infection?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS has anyone in your family been diagnosed with Coronavirus/COVID-19? Yes, member of household", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS has anyone in your family been diagnosed with Coronavirus/COVID-19? Yes, non-household member", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS has anyone in your family been diagnosed with Coronavirus/COVID-19? No", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? Fallen ill physically", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? Hospitalized", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? Put into self-quarantine with symptoms", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? Put into self-quarantine without symptoms (e.g., due to possible exposure)", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? Lost or been laid off from job", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? Reduced ability to earn money", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? Passed away", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have any of the following happened to your family members because of Coronavirus/COVID-19? None of the above", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic liver disease? Chronic infectious hepatitis", "Is the patient infected with HIV?", "Complications in the context of COVID-19: Venous thrombosis", "Complications in the context of COVID-19: Infectious agent in bloodstream", "Diagnosis: Stage of illness at the time of COVID-19 diagnosis", "Study enrollment / Inclusion criteria: Is there a signed consent form available?", "symptom severity"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Mental_behav_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Emotional or mental health problems such as Depression or Anxiety", "Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Problems with alcohol or drugs", "Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Intellectual disability", "Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Autism Spectrum Disorder", "Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Learning Disorder", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Depression, sadness or hopelessness", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Depression, sadness or hopelessness", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Depression, sadness or hopelessness", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Depression, sadness or hopelessness", "Do you suffer from an acute or chronic mental illness?", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Depression, sadness or hopelessness", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one?  Dementia", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? Psychotic disorder", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? Depressive disorder", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? Anxiety disorder", "if person has been diagnosed with a mental disorder in the past", "specification of mental diagnose", "does person belong to risk group?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Musculoskeletal_sys_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Arthritis", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one rheumatological/immunological disease?  Rheumatic arteritis", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one rheumatological/immunological disease? Disorder of connective tissue", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one rheumatological/immunological disease? Vasculitis", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Bone tissue", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Cartilage tissue", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Tendon", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Did an oxygen or respiratory therapy already exist before the current illness?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Neoplasms", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Cancer", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one active tumour/cancer disease?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Nervous_sys_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Epilepsy or seizures", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep, or sleeping too much", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Difficulty falling asleep or staying asleep, or sleeping too much", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?Sleep apnea", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?Obstructive sleep apnea syndrome", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Cerebral meninges", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? Parkinson's disease", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one?  Multiple sclerosis", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? Combined disorder of muscle and peripheral nerve", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? Epilepsy", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from at least one chronic neurological disease or psychiatric illness? Which one? Migraine"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Other_dis", "variables": ["Do you have any of the following diseases (diagnosed by a doctor):", "Do you have any of the following diseases (diagnosed by a doctor):", "Do you suffer from an acute or chronic physical illness?", "Do you have a chronic illness?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Respiratory_sys_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Seasonal allergies", "Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Asthma or other lung problems", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Sore throat", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?Asthma", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?COPD", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient suffer from a chronic lung disease?Fibrosis of lung", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Lung", "Complications in the context of COVID-19: Infectious disease of lung", "Outcome at discharge: Type of discharge", "Are you, or have you been, infected with the novel coronavirus?", "Do you know people in your immediate social environment who are or have been infected with the novel coronavirus?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Diseases;Skin_subcutaneous_dis", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Serious acne or skin problems", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Does the patient have a history of being an organ transplant recipient? Skin"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::End_of_life;Other_death", "variables": ["Anamnesis / risk factors: Do-not-resuscitate-order"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_community_care_utilization;Community_care", "variables": ["Do you know of a government program in your region that helps access to food improvements?", "Please describe [government program in region that helps access to food improvements]", "Do you receive food aid, free (regular) food packages ?", "Yes, what kind of food do you get ? [food aid]"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_community_care_utilization;Hospitalizations", "variables": ["Outcome at discharge: Follow-up swab result", "Type of ventilation: Nasal High-Flow-Oxygen-Therapy"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_community_care_utilization;Other_health_and_community_care", "variables": ["Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Websites of public offices", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Doctors", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Newspaper", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Websites of public offices", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Doctors", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Newspaper"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_community_care_utilization;Visit_health_prof", "variables": ["If so: Is that why you contacted a medical practice / clinic ?: Yes, but my request could not be processed in the practice / clinic due to the corona pandemic.", "If yes: Is that why you contacted a medical practice / clinic ?: Yes, my request was dealt with personally in the practice / clinic.", "If yes: Is that why you contacted a medical practice / clinic ?: Yes, my request was dealt with over the phone.", "If so: Is that why you got in touch with a medical practice / clinic ?: Yes, my request was processed via video consultation.", "If yes: Is that why you contacted a medical practice / clinic ?: Yes, my request was processed by email.", "If so: Is that why you contacted a medical practice / clinic ?: No.", "If so: Is that why you contacted a medical practice / clinic ?: Other", "If yes: Is that why you contacted a medical practice / clinic ?: Other: If other yes, then:", "Have doctors or hospitals / clinics postponed at least one scheduled appointment with you since March 1, 2020 because of the corona pandemic ?: No.", "Have doctors or hospitals / clinics postponed at least one scheduled appointment with you since March 1, 2020 because of the corona pandemic ?: Yes, an appointment for a preventive measure (e.g. vaccination, check-up, teeth cleaning, preventive care) has been postponed.", "Have doctors or hospitals / clinics postponed at least one scheduled appointment because of the corona pandemic since March 1, 2020 ?: Yes, an appointment for outpatient treatment or examination has been postponed.", "Have doctors or hospitals / clinics postponed at least one scheduled appointment with you since March 1, 2020 due to the corona pandemic ?: Yes, an appointment for inpatient treatment or examination has been postponed.", "Have you postponed at least one scheduled appointment with doctors or hospitals / clinics since March 1st because of the corona pandemic ?: No.", "Have you postponed at least one planned appointment with doctors or hospitals / clinics since March 1st because of the corona pandemic ?: Yes, I have postponed the appointment for a preventive measure (e.g. vaccination, check-up, teeth cleaning, preventive care).", "Have you postponed at least one planned appointment with doctors or hospitals / clinics since March 1st because of the corona pandemic ?: Yes, I have postponed the appointment for an outpatient treatment or examination.", "Have you postponed at least one scheduled appointment with doctors or hospitals / clinics since March 1st because of the corona pandemic ?: Yes, I have postponed the appointment for an inpatient treatment or examination."]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_status_functional_limitations;Act_daily_living", "variables": ["Frailty score before admission"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_status_functional_limitations;Other", "variables": ["How high do you estimate the probability that you will get COVID-19 (Corona virus)?", "If you were to contract COVID-19 (Corona virus): How high do you rate the probability that symptoms of the disease will show up?", "If you were to contract COVID-19 (Corona virus): How high do you estimate the probability that this disease will become severe?", "If you would get COVID-19 (Corona Virus). How likely do you think you will die from this condition?", "How high do you estimate the likelihood that someone from your immediate environment will contract COVID-19 (Corona virus)?", "How high do you estimate the probability that you will get COVID-19 (Corona virus)?", "If you were to contract COVID-19 (Corona virus): How high do you rate the probability that symptoms of the disease will show up?", "If you were to contract COVID-19 (Corona virus): How high do you estimate the probability that this disease will become severe?", "If you would get COVID-19 (Corona Virus). How likely do you think you will die from this condition?", "How high do you estimate the likelihood that someone from your immediate environment will contract COVID-19 (Corona virus)?", "In your opinion, what are the risks of the corona pandemic?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_status_functional_limitations;Perc_health", "variables": ["Compared to the time before the corona pandemic, how would you describe your current state of health?", "How would you rate your overall physical health?\u00a0", "How would you rate your overall Mental/Emotional health before the Coronavirus/COVID-19 crisis in your area?\u00a0", "Please enter the number on the scale that best reflects your current state of health.", "Please indicate the number on the scale that best reflects your state of health before the outbreak of Covid-19 (Corona virus)", "Please enter the number on the scale that best reflects your current state of health.", "Please indicate the number on the scale that best reflects your state of health before the outbreak of Covid-19 (Corona virus)", "What is your probability of getting infected with the   seasonal flu (influenza)?", "How severe would contracting the seasonal flu (influenza) be for you?", "How susceptible do you consider yourself to an infection with the seasonal flu (influenza)?", "\"Compared to other people of the same age, I am:\""]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Health_status_functional_limitations;Qual_life", "variables": ["How would you describe your general health?", "Here are some of the things you might do on a normal day. Are you restricted in these activities due to your current state of health? If so, how much ?: Moderately difficult activities, e.g. moving a table, vacuuming, bowling", "Here are some of the things you might do on a normal day. Are you restricted in these activities due to your current state of health? If so, how much ?: Climb several flights of stairs", "In the past 4 weeks, have you had any difficulties at work or other everyday activities at work or at home due to your physical health ?: I achieved less than I wanted.", "In the past 4 weeks, have you had any problems at work or other everyday activities at work or at home because of your physical health ?: I was only able to do certain things.", "In the past 4 weeks, have you had any difficulties at work or other everyday activities at work or at home due to mental problems (e.g. because you felt down or anxious) ?: I achieved less than I wanted.", "In the past 4 weeks, have you had any difficulties at work or other everyday activities at work or at home due to mental problems (e.g. because you felt down or anxious) ?: I could not work as carefully as usual.", "To what extent has pain prevented you from doing your everyday activities at home and at work in the past 4 weeks?", "These questions are about how you are feeling and how you have been over the past 4 weeks. How often have you been calm and serene in the past 4 weeks?", "These questions are about how you are feeling and how you have been over the past 4 weeks. How often have you been full of energy in the past 4 weeks?", "These questions are about how you are feeling and how you have been over the past 4 weeks. How many times have you been discouraged and sad in the past 4 weeks?", "How often have your physical health or emotional problems impaired your contacts with other people (visiting friends, relatives, etc.) in the past 4 weeks?", "Has the Coronavirus/COVID-19 crisis in your area led to any positive changes in your life?", "Has the Coronavirus/COVID-19 crisis in your area led to any positive changes in your life?: If answered b or c to question p6_3a, please specify: ____", "The following statements relate to your well-being in the past two weeks. For each statement, please mark the rubric that you think best describes how you have felt over the past two weeks. In the past two weeks ... I was happy and in a good mood", "The following statements relate to your well-being in the past two weeks. For each statement, please mark the rubric that you think best describes how you have felt over the past two weeks. In the past two weeks ...I feel calm and felt relaxed", "The following statements relate to your well-being in the past two weeks. For each statement, please mark the rubric that you think best describes how you have felt over the past two weeks. In the past two weeks ....  I am energetic and felt active", "The following statements relate to your well-being in the past two weeks. For each statement, please mark the rubric that you think best describes how you have felt over the past two weeks. In the past two weeks ... I have myself when I wake up felt fresh and rested", "The following statements relate to your well-being in the past two weeks. For each statement, please mark the rubric that you think best describes how you have felt over the past two weeks. In the past two weeks ...my everyday life was full of things that I'm interested in"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Laboratory_measures;Biochemistry", "variables": ["Laboratory Test: CRP", "Laboratory Test: Ferritin", "Laboratory Test: Bilirubin", "Laboratory Test: D-dimer", "Laboratory Test: Gamma-GT", "Laboratory Test: GOT/AST", "Laboratory Test: LDH", "Laboratory Test: Cardiac troponin", "Laboratory Test: Creatinine", "Laboratory Test: Lactate", "Laboratory Test: Serum Albumin", "Laboratory Test: Procalcitonin", "Laboratory Test: Interleukin 6", "Laboratory Test: NT-pro-BNP", "Vital signs: PaO2", "Vital signs: FiO2", "Vital signs: pH-value", "Vital signs: SOFA-Score"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Laboratory_measures;Hematology", "variables": ["Laboratory Test: Hemoglobin", "Laboratory Test: Leukocytes absolute", "Laboratory Test: Lymphocytes absolute", "Laboratory Test: Neutrophils absolute", "Laboratory Test: PTT", "Laboratory Test: Platelets absolut", "Laboratory Test: INR", "Laboratory Test: Antithrombin", "Laboratory Test: Fibrinogen"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Laboratory_measures;Immunology", "variables": ["Laboratory Test: SARS-CoV-2 (COVID-19) IgG Ab [Presence] in Serum or Plasma by Immunoassay"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Laboratory_measures;Microbiology", "variables": ["Wurde bei Ihnen seit Beginn der Corona - Pandemie der Corona-Abstrich-Beziehungen?: War l\u00e4nger ein Testerfolgen positiv?", "Wurde bei Ihnen seit Beginn der Corona - Pandemie der Corona-Abstrich-Prozesse?: Ja, 1. Positive Testerfolgen:"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Laboratory_measures;Virology", "variables": ["Laboratory Test: SARS-CoV-2-RT-PCR"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Life_events_plans_beliefs;Beliefs_values", "variables": ["Wurden Sie seit dem 01. September 2019 gegen Grippe (Influenza) geimpft?", "Do you find that politicians have taken too few or too many measures to combat the Corona crisis with regard to the following points ?: Ensuring medical care", "Do you find that politicians have taken too few or too many measures to combat the Corona crisis with regard to the following points ?: Restricting freedom of travel", "Do you find that politicians have taken too few or too many measures to combat the Corona crisis with regard to the following points ?: Restricting social life, such as Closure of public facilities and shops", "Do you think that politicians have taken too few or too many measures to combat the Corona crisis with regard to the following points ?: Reduction of economic damage", "Do you think that politicians have taken too few or too many measures to combat the Corona crisis with regard to the following points ?: Communication with the population", "Which sources do you trust with regard to information about the corona virus ?: National public television or radio (e.g. ARD, ZDF, DLF)", "Which sources do you trust for information on the corona virus ?: National private television or radio (e.g. RTL, Sat1, ProSieben)", "Which sources do you trust with regard to information about the Corona virus ?: National newspapers (e.g. S\u00fcddeutsche Zeitung, Die Welt, FAZ, Bild)", "Which sources do you trust for information about the Corona virus ?: Local public television or radio (e.g. NDR, WDR, RBB)", "Which sources do you trust for information about the corona virus ?: Local private television or radio (e.g. Greifswald TV, Antenne MV)", "What Sources Do You Trust For Information About Coronavirus ?: Local Newspapers", "Which sources do you trust for information about the Corona virus ?: Social media (e.g. Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, YouTube)", "Which sources do you trust for information about the corona virus ?: Official websites of institutions (e.g. WHO, RKI, state government)", "Which sources do you trust for information about the corona virus ?: Personal conversations with friends and family", "Which sources do you trust for information about the corona virus ?: Miscellaneous", "Which Sources do you trust for information about the corona virus: If other, then:    ", "Which sources do you trust for information about the corona virus ?: I do not seek information on the subject.", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions when it comes to dealing with the corona virus ?: Family doctor", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the Corona virus ?: Hospitals", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the Corona virus ?: Health authorities", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions when it comes to dealing with the Corona virus ?: Municipal and municipal administration", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the corona virus ?: Robert Koch Institute (RKI)", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the Corona virus ?: State government (MV)", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the Corona virus ?: Federal Government", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the Corona virus ?: Federal Chancellor", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions in relation to dealing with the Corona virus ?: Ministry of Health", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the Corona virus ?: World Health Organization (WHO)", "How much do you trust the following people and institutions with regard to dealing with the Corona virus ?: Scientists", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I feel informed about COVID-19 (CORONA virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I feel that I have been informed about measures to avoid infection with COVID-19 (CORONA virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I understand the information from the health authorities regarding COVID-19 (Corona virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I think Germany is well prepared for COVID-19 (Corona virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I think all government measures are being taken to fight COVID-19 (Corona Virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I have confidence in the state system in Germany.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I consider the federal government's measures with regard to COVID-19 (corona virus) to be exaggerated", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. COVID-19 (Corona Virus) worries me.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I feel informed about COVID-19 (CORONA virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I feel that I have been informed about measures to avoid infection with COVID-19 (CORONA virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I understand the information from the health authorities regarding COVID-19 (Corona virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I think Germany is well prepared for COVID-19 (Corona virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I think all government measures are being taken to fight COVID-19 (Corona Virus).", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I have confidence in the state system in Germany.", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. I consider the federal government's measures with regard to COVID-19 (corona virus) to be exaggerated", "Please answer the following statements to what extent you agree or disagree with them. COVID-19 (Corona Virus) worries me.", "How do you rate the measures currently being taken to contain the corona virus?", "Which answer is correct?", "What is the maximum incubation period (i.e., the time from viral infection to developing symptoms of illness) of the novel coronavirus?", "What do you consider to be your own probability of getting infected with the novel coronavirus?", "How susceptible do you consider yourself to an infection with the novel coronavirus?", "How severe would contracting the novel coronavirus be for you (how seriously ill do you think you will be)?", "Next, we would like to know about you own practices related to the novel coronavirus. I know how to protect myself from coronavirus", "For me avoiding an infection with the novel coronavirus in the current situation is\u2026", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Hand washing for at least 20 seconds", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Avoiding touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed hands", "Which of the following are effective measures to  prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus? Use of disinfectants to clean hands when soap and water is not available for washing hands", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?  Staying home when you are sick or when you have a cold", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Herbal supplements", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Covering your mouth when you cough", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Using caution when opening letters", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Getting the flu vaccine", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Wearing a face mask", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Using antibiotics", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Using homeopathic remedies", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Physical distancing (keeping minimum 2 metres between you and other persons outside your household)", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Self-isolation", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus? Disinfecting surfaces", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus? Disinfecting the mobile phone", "Which of the following are effective measures to prevent the spread and infection of the novel coronavirus?   Eating garlic, ginger, lemon", "Please choose one option per row below. The novel   coronavirus to me feels \u2026", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "The novel coronavirus to me feels ...", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Public television stations", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Daily or weekly newspapers", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Conversations with family and friends", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Conversations with colleagues", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Consultation with health workers", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?  Private television stations", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus? Websites or online news pages", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?  Social media (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, WhatsApp)", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Private radio stations", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Public radio stations", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Official, government press releases", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Medical institutions press releases", "How much do you trust the following sources of   information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Opinion polls", "How much do you trust the following sources of  information in their reporting about the novel coronavirus?   Celebrities and social media influencers", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Other specialist physicians", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Your company physician (if applicable)", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Your Employer (if applicable)", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Media", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Other opinion leaders", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Hospitals", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Ministry of Health", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Local Public Health Authority", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Medical professional associations (e.g. [adapt to local context])", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Schools", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Universities", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Kindergartens", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Public transportation companies", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Government", "How much confidence do you have in the below individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well? Police", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Army", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   Church", "How much confidence do you have in the below   individuals and organizations that they can handle the novel coronavirus well?   The president", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  If a vaccine becomes available and is recommended for me, I would get it", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  In the event of an outbreak it\u2019s appropriate to avoid certain people on the basis of their country of origin.", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  The government should be allowed to force people into self-isolation if they are infected", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  The government should be allowed to force people into self-isolation if they have been in contact with a person who was infected", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  The government should restrict access to the Internet and social media to combat the spread of misinformation about the novel coronavirus", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  From now on, anyone moving in public areas should be required to wear a face mask", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  More tests for coronavirus infection should be carried out in the population", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  I think that the restrictions currently being implemented are greatly exaggerated.", "Please now give your opinion on the following statements  It should only be allowed to leave your house for professional, health or urgent reasons", "Please consider the decisions that are made in your   country to reduce spread of the novel coronavirus:  I think that\u2026.  \u2026many very important things happen in the world, which the public is never informed about", "Please consider the decisions that are made in your   country to reduce spread of the novel coronavirus:  I think that\u2026.  \u2026 politicians usually do not tell us the true motives for their decisions", "Please consider the decisions that are made in your   country to reduce spread of the novel coronavirus:  I think that\u2026.  \u2026 government agencies closely monitor all citizens", "Please consider the decisions that are made in your   country to reduce spread of the novel coronavirus:  I think that\u2026.  \u2026 events which superficially seem to lack a connection are often the result of secret activities", "Please consider the decisions that are made in your   country to reduce spread of the novel coronavirus:  I think that\u2026.  \u2026 there are secret organizations that greatly influence political decisions", "Please consider the decisions that are made in your   country to reduce spread of the novel coronavirus:  I think the decisions are fair", "Please consider the decisions that are made in your   country to reduce spread of the novel coronavirus:  I would convince others that the decisions are right", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  After the peak of the pandemic, only people over the age of 70 should stay at home", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  After the peak of the pandemic, the restrictions should be upheld in towns and cities, but not rural areas", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  After the peak of the pandemic, the smaller children should be able to return to school, but not the older ones who can take care of themselves at home", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  After the peak of the pandemic, restrictions should be lifted in the counties where less people are infected, but not in counties where more people are infected", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  Current restrictions should not be lifted, even beyond the peak of the pandemic", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  After the peak of the pandemic, everyone should be obligated to wear a mask in public", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  After the peak of the pandemic, obligatory mass testing is an acceptable way to identify infected persons", "There is currently a discussion about how some   restrictions can be changed after the first peak of the novel coronavirus. Please give your opinion on the following statements.  After the peak of the pandemic,] I will continue to live up to restrictions, even if they are no longer formal recommendations from my government", "Have you encountered information on the novel   coronavirus where you found it hard to decide whether it was right or wrong? For example, information about ways to prevent the disease or to recover  Please write this information in the boxes below. You can provide up to three types of information. Please use a separate box for each type of information.  Information: _________", "Have you encountered information on the novel   coronavirus where you found it hard to decide whether it was right or wrong? For example, information about ways to prevent the disease or to recover  Please write this information in the boxes below. You can provide up to three types of information. Please use a separate box for each type of information.  Information: _________", "Have you encountered information on the novel   coronavirus where you found it hard to decide whether it was right or wrong? For example, information about ways to prevent the disease or to recover  Please write this information in the boxes below. You can provide up to three types of information. Please use a separate box for each type of information.  Information: _________", "The set of measures taken by the authorities to curtail the spread of the Corona virus are both sensible and reasonable.", "I am following recommended procedures to limit the spread of the Corona virus.", "I expect that I will learn something positive from of the Corona pandemic for my own life.", "In the long run, I think that society will change for the better because of the Corona pandemic."]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Life_events_plans_beliefs;Life_events", "variables": ["Have you experienced verbal, physical, or sexual violence in the past 4 weeks?", "How has your life of violence changed compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I experience verbal violence.", "How has your life of violence changed compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I am experiencing physical violence.", "How has your life of violence changed compared to the time before the corona pandemic? I experience sexual violence.", "Having COVID-19 symptoms, or symptoms that could be related to COVID-19.", "COVID-19 symptoms, or symptoms that could be related to COVID-19 in family members, friends, loved ones, or colleagues.", "Being at increased risk for an infection (e.g., at work).", "Being at increased risk for a serious course of the disease in case of an infection (belonging to a so-called 'risk group').", "Family, friends, or loved ones being at increased risk for a serious course of the disease in case of an infection (they belong to a so-called 'risk group').", "Problems with access to healthcare, medication, or sanitation.", "You cannot return to the country you live in.", "(Feeling) restricted to leave your home.", "Loss of social contact.", "Unable to attend an important social event.", "Family, friends, or loved ones are at the hospital and you are restricted in visiting them.", "Unable to attend a funeral of a family member, friend, or loved one.", "Family, friends, or loved ones serving in the army or as first responder (paramedic/firefighter/police).", "Family, friends, or loved ones working as health care professional.", "Not being able to perform leisure activities.", "Less physical activity than usual.", "Problems arranging childcare.", "Difficulties combining work with childcare.", "Tensions at home or family conflict", "Private travel not possible.", "Being at an increased risk for economic damage in your occupation.", "Increased work load.", "Work-related delays/obstacles.", "Business travel not possible.", "(Threat of) job loss or insolvency of private company.", "(Threat of) job loss or insolvency of private company for someone in your household.", "Problems obtaining basic needs.", "Problems obtaining other goods and services.", "Corona-related media coverage", "other (your description)", "Negative political events.", "Conflicts or disagreements in family, social, or professional settings.", "Financial problems.", "Myself or a close person experienced physical health problems.", "Myself or a close person experienced mental health problems.", "Burdensome experiences at home or with your family (e.g., caring for/looking \n\nafter relatives).", "Burdensome experiences at work, school, university, or another occupation.", "Burdensome environmental experiences (e.g., pollution, noise, unsafe neighborhood, ...).", "Conflicts with strangers (e.g., authorities, criminals).", "Separation from a loved one.", "Death of a loved one.", "other (your description)"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Alcohol", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Alcohol consumption", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how frequently did you use: alcohol?", "Do you drink alcohol? Is there a difference between before and after the beginning of the pandemic?", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Drank more alcohol than I usually do"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Drugs", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how frequently did you use: marijuana/cannabis (e.g., joint, blunt, pipe, bong)?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how frequently did you use: opiates, heroin, cocaine, crack, amphetamine, methamphetamine, hallucinogens, or ecstasy?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Leisure_act", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Artistic or musical activities", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Time for relaxation / meditation", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Time for hobbies", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how many days per week did you spend time outdoors?", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Reading", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? listen to music", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Watching movies / television", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Read / listen / watch the news", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? listen to the radio", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? call friends / family / talk via video (Facetime, Zoom, Skype ...)", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Text / chat with friends / family", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Text / chat with friends / family\n\nOnline shopping", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Creative (painting / handicrafts / tailoring / pottery)", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Making music (playing the piano, singing, ...)", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Learning an instrument / language", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Writing (e.g. diary)", "How or with what do you currently pass your time?", "Anamnesis / risk factors: History of travel", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Daily or weekly newspapers"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Nutrition", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Consumption of fruit and vegetables", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Eating meat, fish", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Eating fast food", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Consumption of sweets, cakes, pastries", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ...I have bought large amounts of basic food (more, sugar, pasta, rice, canned food) / or will buy more in the near future.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ...I have bought large amounts of basic food (more, sugar, pasta, rice, canned food) / or will buy more in the near future.", "What opportunities have you or any other member of your household use to buy food?", "other possibilities? [options used to buy food]", "Since the pandemic:What options do you or another member of your household use to buy food?", "other options? [options since pandemic to buy food]", "Why did you change your shopping location?", "I like to eat", "Has your diet changed significantly in the last 4, 8 or 12 weeks? 4 weeks", "Has your diet changed significantly in the last 4, 8 or 12 weeks? 8 weeks", "Has your diet changed significantly in the last 4, 8 or 12 weeks? 12 weeks", "Please describe why there was a change in your diet or why you think there was no change? If something has changed, what has changed?", "Please describe why there has been a change in your diet or why do you think there hasn't been a change? If nothing has changed, do you have an idea why not?", "Please describe why there has been a change in your diet or why do you think there hasn't been a change? Did you have to switch to new brands when selecting food because your favorites were not available?", "Before COVID-19: Which of the foods listed below did you normally consume in a 7 day (one week) period before COVID-19?", "other [foods normally consumed before COVID-19]", "Since the beginning of the pandemic: Which of the below mentioned foods have you consumed during the last 7 days (one week)?", "other [foods normally consumed since COVID-19]", "Before COVID-19: Which of the vegetables listed below did you normally consume in a period of 4 weeks (one month) before Covid-19?", "Has your vegetable consumption changed significantly in the last 4, 8, or 12 weeks?", "other [vegetable consumption]", "Since the beginning of the pandemic: Which of the vegetables listed below have you consumed in the last 4 weeks (one month)?", "Before COVID-19: What was your meal preparation before the Covid-19 pandemic?", "other [meal preparation before COVID-19]", "Since the beginning of the pandemic: How do you prepare your meals since the beginning of the pandemic?", "other [meal preparation since COVID-19]", "What foods do you usually find on your plate when you prepare a hot meal?", "How much do you eat?", "Please explain [How much do you eat?]", "Before COVID-19: How much time did you spend on average on meal preparation during a day before the pandemic?", "Since the beginning of the pandemic: On average, how much time have you spent on meal preparation during the day since the beginning of the pandemic?", "What about sugar? Do you think that your consumption of e.g. sugar, honey, sweetener, jaggery, maple syrup etc., in tea or while eating sweets, cakes or the like has changed in the last four weeks?", "Please explain [sugar consumption]", "Before COVID-19: How did you store food leftovers/ surplus food?", "Something else? [How did you store food leftovers/ surplus food before COVID]", "Since the beginning of the pandemic: How do you store food waste/ surplus food?", "Something else? [How did you store food leftovers/ surplus food since COVID]", "How do you estimate your nutritional status?", "Before COVID-19: Did you normally produce or buy your own food?", "other [normally produce or buy own food before COVID]", "Since the beginning of the pandemic: Do you normally produce your own food or do you normally buy it?", "other [normally produce or buy own food since COVID]", "What is your opinion: Have food prices changed since the beginning of the pandemic?", "Do you have any comments on prices? [food prices]", "Where do the vegetables you usually buy come from?", "Before COVID-19: How did you get your food before the pandemic/curfew?", "Since the pandemic: How do you get your food now?", "Do you buy more now than before, before the pandemic?", "Before COVID-19: What food did you normally buy?", "Notes [food normally bought before COVID]", "Did you buy food in large quantities in preparation for the curfew?", "Yes, which ones in particular? [buy food in large quantities]", "Is there enough food for you and your family for the next 7 days?", "Did you have to throw away food in the last 4 weeks because you bought too much of it?", "Did you have to throw away food in the last 8 weeks because you bought too much of it?", "Have you had to throw away food in the last 12 weeks because you bought too much of it?", "Do you have any comments about food being thrown away?", "When you buy groceries: Do you notice that food is not available?", "Yes, which ones? [food not available]", "Do you have a vegetable or kitchen garden or something similar where you can grow food?", "Please add [garden etc. to grow food]", "Do you produce food for sale? Have you had difficulties in production, trade and marketing in the last four weeks?", "Please describe [produce food for sale]", "Do you have any additional comments about your food environment, food selection, meal preparation etc. that you would like to share with the project?", "Do you have any additional comments to make ?", "How have your eating habits changed compared to the time before the corona pandemic?", "How have your eating habits changed compared to the time before the corona pandemic? Amount", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Food preparation / cooking", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Eating/Drinking", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Ate more unhealthy food than I usually do"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Other_lifestyle", "variables": ["Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: I wore face masks / mouth and nose protection.", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Money that you have spent", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Time that you spend outdoors", "How much are you reading or talking about Coronavirus/COVID-19?", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? TV", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Radio", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Friends", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Social networks", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Digital media", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I have bought large amounts of toilet paper / Hygiene items  / or will buy more in the in the near future.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I have bought astronaut / emergency food / or will buy in the near future.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I increasingly avoid public spaces /Events.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ...have I changed my travel / vacation plans or would you change them if I had planned something", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I've become more selfish in my behavior.", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? TV", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Radio", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Friends", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Social networks", "Which sources do you mainly use to inform yourself about COVID-19 (Corona Virus)? Digital media", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I have bought large amounts of toilet paper / Hygiene items  / or will buy more in the in the near future.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I have bought astronaut / emergency food / or will buy in the near future.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I increasingly avoid public spaces /Events.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ...have I changed my travel / vacation plans or would you change them if I had planned something", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I've become more selfish in my behavior.", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Household", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Childcare", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Family / partner", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Gainful employment", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Shopping (groceries / everyday goods)", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Cleaning", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Consumption of luxury goods (alcohol, tobacco, ...)", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? take care of pets", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Sorting out / mucking out", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Renovation (remodeling, painting, ...)", "I follow the recommendations from authorities in my country to prevent spread of novel coronavirus.", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Official, government press releases", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Medical institutions press releases", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?    Opinion polls", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Celebrities and social media influencers", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  How I can protect myself and my family against the novel coronavirus", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  Personal stories from other people on how they cope with the pandemic situation", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  Scientific progress in development of a vaccine or treatment against novel coronavirus", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  How I can take care of a person who belongs to a risk group", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  How I can best take care of my children\u2019s school education", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  How the novel coronavirus is different from other diseases such as flu", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  The pandemic evolution in the world", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  The pandemic evolution in [country]", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  Information about authorities\u2019 decisions", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  How I will be impacted economically by the pandemic", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  How to maintain my mental health during the isolation", "The type of information I need the most, relates to\u2026  How to maintain my social contact despite the physical distancing", "How often do you inform yourself about the novel   coronavirus?", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Bought food supplies on a large scale", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Bought other everyday things on a large scale", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Avoided people who come from countries where coronavirus cases have occurred, such as China or Italy", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Avoided going to the doctor with issues that could be postponed, e.g. vaccination or a check-up", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Bought drugs that I heard that are good for treating COVID-19", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Bought personal protection equipment (masks, gloves)"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Pers_hygiene", "variables": ["Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the new type of corona virus ?: I washed my hands more often and for longer.", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the new type of corona virus ?: I often have hand disinfectants.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I wash / disinfect my hands more often.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I have bought large amounts of hand disinfection / Soap / similar  or will buy more in the near future.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I wash / disinfect my hands more often.", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I have bought large amounts of hand disinfection / Soap / similar  or will buy more in the near future.", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? personal hygiene"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Phys_act", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Physical activity / sport", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how many days per week did you exercise (e.g., increased heart rate, breathing) for at least 30 minutes?", "Have you been physically active in the last 7 days?", "Please explain [physically active]", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Sports (jogging, yoga, gymnastics, fitness, ...)", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Gardening", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? To go for a walk", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Exercised less than I usually do"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Sex_behav", "variables": ["How often are you sexually active (alone or with your sexual partner)?", "Compared to the time before the corona pandemic, sexual activity with my sexual partner is ...", "Compared to before the coronavirus pandemic, my sexual activity alone ...", "Compared to the time before the corona pandemic, my consumption of erotic / pornographic material is ...", "Compared to before the coronavirus pandemic, my sexual satisfaction is ..."]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Sleep", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Duration of sleep", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: on average, what time did you go to bed on WEEKDAYS?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: on average, what time did you go to bed on WEEKENDS?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: on average, how many hours per night did you sleep on WEEKDAYS?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: on average, how many hours per night did you sleep on WEEKENDS?", "How is your sleep compared to the time before the corona pandemic?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Tech_devices", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Radio or television consumption", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Time on the computer, smartphone, tablet", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how much time per day did you spend: watching TV or digital media (e.g., Netflix, YouTube, web surfing)?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how much time per day did you spend: using social media (e.g., Facetime, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter, TikTok)?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how much time per day did you spend: playing video games?", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Play computer / game console / mobile games", "Womit verbringen Sie aktuell am meisten Zeit? Distraction from media consumption", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Public television stations", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Private television stations", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Websites or online news pages (e.g. web.de, t-online.de)", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Social media (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, WhatsApp)", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Private radio stations", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Public radio stations"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Tobacco", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Smoking", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how frequently did you use: vaping products?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS, how frequently did you use: cigarettes or other tobacco products?", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Has the patient ever smoked cigarettes?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Lifestyle_behaviours;Transportation", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Use of public transport", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Use of the car", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Use of the bicycle", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I increasingly avoid public transport (Subway, tram, bus, train).", "Since the outbreak / spread of the COVID-19 (Corona virus) in Europe ... I increasingly avoid public transport (Subway, tram, bus, train).", "What transportation options do you normally use when you go grocery shopping? Has anything changed since the beginning of the pandemic?", "Have you noticed if your transportation expenses have changed?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Medication_supplements;Medication_suppl", "variables": ["Waren Sie seit Beginn der Corona-Pandemie aufgrung einer COVID-19-Infektion in Behandlung?", "Waren Sie seit Beginn der Corona-Pandemie aufgrung einer COVID-19-Infektion in Behandlung?: Ja, Beginn der Behandlung Krieg:", "Have you wanted to have a medical examination or treatment since March 1st, 2020?", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Immunization status: Influenza", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Immunization status: Pneumococcal", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Immunization status: BCG", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Immunization status: COVID-19", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Immunization status:  Other", "Anamnesis / risk factors: Immunization status:  Unknown", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Corticosteroids", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Atazanavir", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Darunavir", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Chloroquine phosphate", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Hydroxychloroquine", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Ivermectin", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Lopinavir/ritonavir", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Ganciclovir", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Oseltamivir", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Remdesivir", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Ribavirin", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Camostat", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Favipiravir", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Convalescent plasma", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Steroids (<= 0.5 mg/kg prednisone equivalents)", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Tocilizumab", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Sarilumab", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  CNI or mTor inhibitors (e.g. cyclosporin A, tacrolimus, sirolimus, everolimus)", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Anti-TNF-alpha inhibitors (e.g. adalimumab, etanercept)", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Il1-receptor antangonists", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Ruxolitinib", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Colchicine", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Interferone (any)", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  25-Hydroxyvitamin D", "Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Zinc", "Medication: COVID-Therapie: Other", "Medication: Immunoglobulins", "Medication: Anticoagulation: Unfractionated heparin", "Medication: Anticoagulation:  Low molecular weight heparin", "Medication: Anticoagulation: Argatroban", "Medication: Anticoagulation:  Platelet aggregation inhibitor", "Medication: Anticoagulation:  Danaparoid", "Medication: Anticoagulation:  Phenprocoumon", "Medication: Anticoagulation: direct oral anticoagulants", "Medication: Anticoagulation:  Other", "Outcome at discharge: Respiratory outcome"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Medication_supplements;Other_pharmacological_inter", "variables": ["Medication: COVID-Therapie:  Steroids (> 0.5 mg/kg prednisone equivalents)"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Non_pharmacological_interventions;Biosample_analyses", "variables": ["Wurde bei Ihnen seit Beginn der Corona - Pandemie der Corona-Abstrich befindet?", "Have you already tested positive for Covid-19?", "Study enrollment / Inclusion criteria: Confirmed COVID-19 diagnosis as main reason for admission", "has person been tested positively for COVID-19", "date of test result"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Non_pharmacological_interventions;Educational_inter", "variables": ["Waren Sie eine der Covid-19-Infektionen bzw. eines Verdachts in der Quarant\u00e4ne?: Waren Sie sich einer einer Covid-19-Infektion geh\u00f6rt eines Verdachts in der Quarant\u00e4ne?", "Waren Sie eine der Covid-19-Infektionen bzw. eines Verdachts in der Quarant\u00e4ne?: Ja, Beginn der Quarant\u00e4ne:", "Wurden Sie seit dem 01. September 2019 gegen Grippe (Influenza) geimpft?: Ja, letzte Grippeschutzimpfung:", "Wurden Sie sich gegen Pneumokokken (Erreger der Lungenentz\u00fcndung) geimpft?", "Wurden Sie sich gegen Pneumokokken (: Erreger der Lungenentz\u00fcndung) geimpft?: Ja, letzte Pneumokokken-Impfung:", "Wie sehr geh\u00f6rt Sie folgender Aussage zu? \u201eWenn eine Impfung gegen das Corona-Virus zur Verf\u00fcgung steht und steht ist, w\u00fcrde ich mich impfen lassen\u201c", "Seit dem 16.06.2020 ist die Corona-Warn-App des Robert Koch-Instituts verf\u00fcgbar. Welche der folgenden Aussagen zur Nutzung der App getroffen auf Sie zu?", "Welche der folgenden Informationen zur Nutzung der App wurde auf Sie zu?: Ich nutze die App nicht, da\u2026", "Welche der folgenden Angaben zur Nutzung der App getroffen auf Sie zu?: Anderer Grund", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: I went into quarantine because I had or have symptoms.", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: I went into quarantine even though I had or do not have any symptoms.", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the new type of corona virus ?: I have often used disinfectants to disinfect surfaces.", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: Miscellaneous", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: If other things are yes, then:", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: I have not taken any of these measures.", "Did you already have to go into quarantine during the corona pandemic (also: as a precautionary contact person)?", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I get (more) supplies.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I do more sports.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I clean more.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I take advantage of offers of advice / help.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I eat healthier.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I meditate or do yoga.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I am trying to sleep more.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I secure my apartment / house or buy equipment for self-defense.", "What precautions do you take to protect your physical and mental health? I am not taking any precautions.", "How would you rate your knowledge level on how to prevent spread of the novel coronavirus?", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Hand washing for at least 20 seconds", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Avoiding touching your eyes, nose, and mouth with unwashed ha", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Use of disinfectants to clean hands when soap and water was not available for washing hands", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Staying home when you were sick or when you had a cold", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Herbal supplements", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Covering your mouth and nose when you cough or sneeze", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Using caution when opening letters", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?  Getting the flu vaccine", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Wearing a face mask", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Using antibiotics", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Using homeopathic remedies", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Physical distancing (keeping minimum 2 metres between you and other persons outside your household)", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Self-isolation", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Disinfecting surfaces", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Disinfecting the mobile phone", "Which of the following measures have you taken to prevent infection from the novel coronavirus?   Eating garlic, ginger, lemon", "Are/were you in quarantine for (suspected) COVID-19? If so, where?", "if \"Other\" was indicated above"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Non_pharmacological_interventions;Other_non_pharmacological_inter", "variables": ["How satisfied have you been with your medical care since the beginning of the corona pandemic?", "Therapy: Apheresis", "Therapy: Prone position", "Therapy: ECMO therapy", "Is the patient in the intensive care unit?", "Type of ventilation:  Non-invasive ventilation", "Type of ventilation:  Invasive ventilation", "Type of ventilation:  Tracheotomy", "Type of ventilation:  No", "Type of ventilation:  n.a.", "Vital signs: PaCO2"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Non_pharmacological_interventions;Radiological_inter", "variables": ["Imaging: Imaging procedures of the lung CT", "Imaging: Imaging procedures of the lung Radiography", "Imaging: Imaging procedures of the lung Ultrasonography", "Imaging:Radiological findings"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Physical_environment;Biological_exp", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you been exposed to someone likely to have Coronavirus/COVID-19? Yes, someone with positive test", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you been exposed to someone likely to have Coronavirus/COVID-19? Yes, someone with medical diagnosis, but no test", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you been exposed to someone likely to have Coronavirus/COVID-19? Yes, someone with possible symptoms, but no diagnosis by doctor", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you been exposed to someone likely to have Coronavirus/COVID-19? No, not to my knowledge"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Physical_environment;Housing", "variables": ["How many rooms (total) are in your home?  ___", "Please describe the place where you live", "How many square meters of living space does your apartment / house have?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Physical_environment;Neighborhood", "variables": ["Which best describes the area in which you live?", "What options do you or the members of your household in your region have to buy food?", "other possibilities? [options to buy food]", "How many inhabitants live in the village or town in which you live?", "Where do you live?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Physical_measures;Anthropo_measures", "variables": ["Body weight", "Body height"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Physical_measures;Circulation_respiration", "variables": ["Vital signs: Blood pressure diastolic", "Vital signs: Blood pressure systolic", "Vital signs: Heart rate", "Vital signs: Body temperature", NaN]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Physical_measures;Other_phys_measures", "variables": ["Vital signs: Respiratory rate", "Vital signs: Peripheral oxygen saturation"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Preschool_school_work;Other_school_work", "variables": ["Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the new type of corona virus ?: I have adjusted my school or work situation."]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Preschool_school_work;School", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS has your school building been closed?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS has your school building been closed?: If no: Are classes in session?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS has your school building been closed?: If no: Are you attending classes in-person?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS has your school building been closed?: If yes: Have classes resumed online?", "If yes: Do you have easy access to the internet and a computer?", "If yes: Are there assignments for you to complete?", "If yes: Are you able to receive meals from the school?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Preschool_school_work;Work", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Number of hours at your workplace", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Number of hours you work at home", "My own job or my professional existence is at risk due to the corona pandemic.", "The job or the professional existence of my partner is at risk due to the corona pandemic.", "Have you lost your job because of the pandemic?", "other [job loss]", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Conversations with colleagues"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Reproduction;Pregnancy_delivery", "variables": ["Demography: Pregnancy"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Social_environment;Other_soc_characteristics", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how stressful have the restrictions on leaving home been for you?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Social_environment;Soc_network", "variables": ["Are any adults living in the home an ESSENTIAL WORKER (e.g., healthcare, delivery worker, store worker, security, building maintenance)?", "Are any adults living in the home an ESSENTIAL WORKER (e.g., healthcare, delivery worker, store worker, security, building maintenance)?: Do they come home each day?", "Are they a FIRST RESPONDER, HEALTHCARE PROVIDER or OTHER WORKER in a facility treating COVID-19?"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Social_environment;Soc_participation", "variables": ["Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: I have avoided certain (busy) places.", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the new type of corona virus ?: I kept my distance from other people (at least 1.5 meters).", "Which of these measures have you taken since the beginning of the corona pandemic to prevent infection with the novel corona virus ?: I have reduced personal meetings and contacts.", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how much time have you spent going outside of the home (e.g., going to stores, parks, etc.)?", "Are you affected by a contact or curfew?", "Date [affected by a contact or curfew]", "Are you affected by certain restrictions in response to COVID-19?", "Other, please describe [affected by certain restrictions in response to COVID-19?]", "The number of restrictions has increased in the last 7 days. What has changed?", "The number of restrictions has been decreased in the last 7 days. What has changed?", "Are you or were you affected by a curfew?", "Other [affected by a curfew]", "Compared to the time before the corona pandemic, I have ...", "Did the patient knowingly have contact with a person with probable or proven COVID-19 disease within 14 days before the onset of his/her symptoms?", "Not seeing my family living outside my own home is", "Not seeing my friends is Impossible", "How often do you use the following sources of information to stay informed about the novel coronavirus?   Conversations with family and friends", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Asked family members or friends not to visit me", "Have you done the following during the pandemic\u2026?  Decided that my child could not meet with a friend"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Social_environment;Soc_support", "variables": ["How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Time with family / friends in your home", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Time with family / friends outside of your home", "How have the following aspects changed in your life since the beginning of the corona pandemic ?: Help friends, relatives or neighbors", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how many people, from outside of your household, have you had an in-person conversation with? ____", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: have your contacts with people outside of your home changed relative to before the Coronavirus/COVID-19 crisis in your area?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how much dif\ufb01culty have you had following the recommendations for keeping away from close contact with people?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: has the quality of the relationships between you and members of your family changed?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how stressful have these changes in family contacts been for you?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: has the quality of your relationships with your friends changed?", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS: how stressful have these changes in social contacts been for you?", "Since the beginning of the pandemic: Has the distribution of roles changed? Who buys the food for you?", "Please explain [distribution of roles for buying food]", "Have you received support from the government, an association, a religious community, church or private individuals?", "Please describe [support from the government etc.]", "Are you currently in a long-distance relationship or do you live in the same city?", "Compared to the time before the corona pandemic, the general satisfaction with my partnership is \u2026", "Compared to the time before the corona pandemic, I spend with my partner ...", "Do you voluntarily or involuntarily spend more / less time with your partner due to e.g. quarantine measures or contact bans?", "When I am sick I do not need to hesitate to ask friends/family members to run important errands for me (e.g., grocery shopping).", "When I am heavy-hearted, I know whom I can turn to.", "There are people with whom I can share joy as well as sadness.", "I have enough people who can really help me when I don't know what to do.", "There are enough people with whom I have a very good relationship.", "There is a group of people (circle of friends, clique) that I feel I belong to.", "There are people whom I can show all my feelings without being embarassed.", "I feel that the support I get from other people has changed over the course of the Corona pandemic."]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Age", "variables": ["What is your age?", "What is your age?", "How old are you?", "Demography: Date of birth", "How old are you?", "older or 18", "Age of participant"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Citizenship", "variables": ["nationality"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Education", "variables": ["Are you enrolled in school/college for the current academic year?", "Please indicate your highest educational qualification:", "Please indicate your highest educational qualification:", "What is your highest educational level?", "Other degree [highest educational level]", "What is your highest school leaving certificate?", "What is your highest professional qualification?", "Please indicate your years of education (school + university or other educational institution).", "How many years of education have you completed?", "years of education"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Ethnic_race_religion", "variables": ["Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? England, Ireland, Scotland or Wales", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Australia \u2013 not of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander descent", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Australia \u2013 of Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander descent", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? New Zealand \u2013 not of Maori descent", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? New Zealand \u2013 of Maori descent", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Northern Europe including Sweden, Norway, Finland and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Western Europe including France, Germany, the Netherlands and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Eastern Europe, including Russia, Poland, Hungary and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Southern Europe including Italy, Greece, Spain, Portugal and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Middle East including Lebanon, Turkey and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Eastern Asia including China, Japan, South Korea, North Korea, Taiwan and Hong Kong", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? South-East Asia including Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? South Asia including India, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Polynesia, Micronesia or Melanesia including Tonga, Fiji, Papua New Guinea and surrounding countries", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Africa", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? North America - not of First Nations, Native American, Inuit or M\u00e9tis descent", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? North America - of First Nations, Native American, Inuit or M\u00e9tis descent", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Central or South America", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Don\u2019t know", "Thinking about what you know of your family history, which of the following best describes the geographic regions from where your ancestors (i.e. your great-great-grandparents) came? Other", "Are you of Hispanic or Latino descent - that is, Mexican, Mexican American, Chicano, Puerto Rican, Cuban, South or Central American or other Spanish culture or origin?", "Demography: Ethnic group"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Family_hh_struct", "variables": ["How many people currently live in your home (excluding yourself)?  ___", "Please indicate whether you have underage children.", "Please indicate whether you have underage children.", "How many people live in your household?", "Other, please describe... [no. of people in household]", "Number of children", "How old is your youngest child?", "How old is your oldest child?", "How many roommates live with you and how old are they?", "How many people live in your household?", "How many children (<18 years)  live in your household?", "Please provide information about your current type of living. I live\u2026", "Do you have children living at home with you?", "How many people live in your household, including yourself?", "people in household", "number of minors in household"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Income", "variables": ["What is your monthly net household income?", "Do you feel you have sufficient financial security?", "household income"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Labour_retirement", "variables": ["Which of the following options best describes your professional situation since the beginning of the corona pandemic? If several options apply, please only consider your main activity.", "Employed full-time or part-time dependent: My number of hours has decreased.", "Employed full-time or part-time: My number of hours has increased.", "Employed full-time or part-time: I work more from home.", "Employed full-time or part-time: I am released with continued salary payment.", "Employed full-time or part-time: I am released without continued pay.", "Employed full-time or part-time: I was laid off.", "Employed full-time or part-time: No, nothing has changed.", "Self-employed / Freelance: My average working hours have been reduced.", "Self-employed / Freelance: My average working hours have increased.", "Self-employed / freelance: I work more and more from home.", "Self-employed / freelance work: My turnover has decreased.", "Self-employed / freelance: My turnover has increased.", "Self-employed / freelance work: I closed my company due to an official order.", "Self-employed / Freelance: I have temporarily closed my company voluntarily.", "Self-employed / freelance work: The Corona crisis brings me / my company into financial difficulties.", "Self-employed / Freelance: I had to permanently close my company or file for bankruptcy.", "Self-employed / Freelance: No, nothing has changed.", "What is your profession?", "If you have selected a doctor: Please indicate in which area you work.", "If you have selected a doctor: Please indicate your specialist medical specialist.", "If you have selected medical personnel:   Please indicate in which area you work.", "If you have selected medical staff: Please indicate your area of activity.", "If you have chosen police: In which area are you assigned?", "What is your profession?", "If you have selected a doctor: Please indicate in which area you work.", "If you have selected a doctor: Please indicate your specialist medical specialist.", "If you have selected medical personnel:   Please indicate in which area you work.", "If you have selected medical staff: Please indicate your area of activity.", "If you have chosen police: In which area are you assigned?", "What do you do for a living?", "What is your current employment relationship like?", "Has your employment relationship changed since the beginning of the corona pandemic?", "Where are you currently working from?", "Which sector do you work in? Automotive industry", "Which sector do you work in? construction industry", "Which sector do you work in?  Textiles and clothing", "Which sector do you work in?  tourism", "Which sector do you work in? Service industry", "Which sector do you work in? Education and instruction", "Which sector do you work in? Education and Research", "Which sector do you work in? Health and social services", "Which sector do you work in? Financial and insurance service providers", "Which sector do you work in? hotel and gastronomy", "Which sector do you work in? Retail trade", "Which sector do you work in? Arts, entertainment and recreation", "Which sector do you work in? Agriculture, forestry, fishing", "Which sector do you work in? Logistics industry", "Which sector do you work in? Furniture", "Which sector do you work in? IT sector", "Which sector do you work in? food industry", "Which sector do you work in? Information and communication technologies", "Which sector do you work in? politics", "Which sector do you work in? Others", "Are you a medical professional?", "occupations", "occupations status"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Marital_status", "variables": ["What best describes your relationship status?", "What best describes your relationship status?", "What is your relationship status?", "How long have you been together with you partner?", "relationship.status"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Other_sociodemogr_chars", "variables": ["Miscellaneous [What do you do for a living?]"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Residence", "variables": ["Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Bayern", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Berlin", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Brandenburg", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Bremen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Hamburg", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Hessen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Mecklenburg-Vorpommern", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Niedersachsen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Nordrhein-Westfalen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Rheinland-Pfalz", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Saarland", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Sachsen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Sachsen-Anhalt", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Schleswig-Holstein", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Th\u00fcringen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: \u00d6sterreich", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Schweiz", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: anderes Land", "Please indicate in which type of city or municipality you live:", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Baden-W\u00fcrttemberg", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Bayern", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Berlin", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Brandenburg", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Bremen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Hamburg", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Hessen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Mecklenburg-Vorpommern", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Niedersachsen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Nordrhein-Westfalen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Rheinland-Pfalz", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Saarland", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Sachsen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Sachsen-Anhalt", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Schleswig-Holstein", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Th\u00fcringen", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: \u00d6sterreich", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: Schweiz", "Please indicate in which German federal state or which country you live: anderes Land", "Please indicate in which type of city or municipality you live:", "In which country do you currently live?", "How long have you lived here?", "Please choose the option that you think best fits the place where you live. I report my observations from...", "Describe it in your own words:", "Is the area from where you report your primary residence?", "Please enter your postcode (zip code)", "In which district do you live?", "country of residence", "city of residence", "current stay out of town", "country of current stay", "city of current stay"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Sociodemographic_economic_characteristics;Sex", "variables": ["Please specify your sex", "What is your sex?", "What is your sex?", "What is your gender?", "What is you sex?", "Demography: Sex assigned at birth", "What is your gender?", "participant's sex"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Symptoms_signs;Circulatory_respiratory_sympt", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Cough", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Shortness of breath", "Symptoms: Dyspnea", "Symptoms: Nausea", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Fever", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Cough", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Shortness of breath", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Sore throat", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Runny or stuffy nose"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Symptoms_signs;Cognitive_perc_emotional_sympt", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Loss of taste or smell", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Nervousness, anxiety or tension", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Not being able to stop or control worry", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Excessive worries about various matters", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Difficulty relaxing", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Restlessness, so that sitting still is difficult", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Quick annoyance or irritability", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Feeling afraid as if something bad is going to happen", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Little interest or pleasure in activities", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Nervousness, anxiety or tension", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Not being able to stop or control worry", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Little interest or pleasure in activities", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Nervousness, anxiety or tension", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Not being able to stop or control worry", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Excessive worries about various matters", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Difficulty relaxing", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Restlessness, so that sitting still is difficult", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Quick annoyance or irritability", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Feeling afraid as if something bad is going to happen", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Little interest or pleasure in activities", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Nervousness, anxiety or tension", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Not being able to stop or control worry", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Little interest or pleasure in activities", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Little interest or pleasure in your work", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Nervousness, anxiety or tension", "Over the past 2 weeks, how often have you felt affected by the following symptoms? Not being able to stop or control worry", "Symptoms: Abdominal pain", "Symptoms: Diarrhea"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Symptoms_signs;Digestive_sympt", "variables": ["Symptoms: Clouded consciousness", "Symptoms: Cough", "Symptoms: Fever", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Diarrhea"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Symptoms_signs;General_sympt", "variables": ["Has a health or educational professional ever told you that you had any of the following health conditions?\u00a0Frequent or very bad headaches", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Fever", "During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Fatigue", "Symptoms: Headache", "Symptoms: Other", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Headaches", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Fatigue (tiredness)", "Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Loss of taste and smell"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Symptoms_signs;Nervous_musculoskeletal_sympt", "variables": ["Which of the following can be symptoms of the novel coronavirus? Muscle or body aches"]}
{"annotation": "Mlstr_area::Symptoms_signs;Other_sympt", "variables": ["During the PAST TWO WEEKS have you had any of the following symptoms? Other ____"]}
